Technology, can be defined as a collection of techniques and knowledge of a person in accomplishing goals effectively and efficiently. It is a process or method involved in production  of goods and services or scientific investigation. 
Computers and mobiles are a great example of technology. Technology can be further defined as science or knowledge which a person posses to solve any kind of uncertainties.

Well, technology is again categorized in 6 more forms which are as follows.
Transportation 
Construction
Energy /Power
Bio-related
Manufacturing, and last but not the least
Communication 

Technology is now been considered as one of the essential components of modern life.
Technology has affected the human life in a huge aspect, apart from this it has also influenced business operations irrespective of size of business i.e whether it is small scale or large scale technology has made many positive changes. Technology has increased production of enterprise, by improving the techniques of production.
Other than this technology has many more advantages, Technology write for us provides you an opportunity to know more about the changes that human life has faced during the time period.

Now, starting a blog on technology is very common among individuals these days.  
But wait, let us now discuss certain points that one needs to consider before starting a blog.

Be passionate
Keyword research 
Be focused 
Need to be well aware about the new trends
Reference other bloggers
Show your personality
Explain the technical content
Engage your friends help
Blogging takes time

Be passionate
First thing you require to do as a blogger, you must go through self analysis. Unless and until you’re not aware about your own subject you can not acquire success in blogging.
Enjoy yourself and enjoy your blogging. If you’re not enjoying your topic yourself, so will your readers they too will read your blog force fully.
So first be passionate about your subject and your blog.
Keyword research
Start your blog only when you’re strong at keyword research. Keyword research is another important aspect of the blogging process, as it helps you to have highly relatable content for your respective blog.
Be focused
If you want your blog to be technical, one you need to be focused. More a blogger is focused, the more he will be effective.
Need to be well aware about the new trends
Being a blogger you’re are required to be aware about the new trends in the market as this will help you to build your content more effectively which will enhance even more readers to read your blog

Reference other bloggers
After being an aware blogger, you can once go through the other blogs of the same subject. Make sure that you are not trying to copy others content which makes you an unprofessional blogger, you are just required to go through their blog just once for having an idea about how actually a blog should be like.
 Show your personality
Now you have to begin with your own blogging content, this gives you an opportunity to present your ideas to others in a very effective way. Your blog represents your personality so try and impress your readers through your blog.

Explain the technical content
If you’re designing your blog on technology then make sure your blog contains all the technical information which a reader is in need of. Your matter is what attracts the readers if you have all the relevant information then only your blog will be given more attention. 
So just stick to your topic and don’t include irrelevant information in your blog.
Engage your friends help
You can also ask for your friends help in designing your blog, can ask for suggestions for improvements and their ideas and thoughts regarding the same, this can help you for making your blog even more attractive.
Blogging takes time
Blogging requires lot of time, you need to keep blogging as often as one could. Make sure that all your posts are equally interesting and consist of all the relevant information.


Final words  

If you’re full time blogger, Tech blog will not cause much problem to you, as you drive great results from your with availability of sufficient time.
If you’re a part time blogger with approximately 2 hours for blogging each day, with no other blogs then you may consider tech blog.
Again, if you have 2-3 hours per day and have a plan to manage multiple blogs, then it is surely a bad idea.
